Added a test case for the webusb error modal (#286)
bbcmicrobit/PythonEditor: tests/manual/test-procedure.rst

- [ ] Confirm the modal closes.

Test Case: WebUSB error modal links are working
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
Carry out this test in Chrome or a chrome-based browser:
- Click the 'Connect' button.

> - Click 'Cancel' button in the modal that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click 'Cancel' button in the WebUSB device selection window that opens.
```

- Click the 'Download Hex' link in the modal that opens.
- [ ] Confirm a hex file with the name 'microbit_program.hex' is downloaded.
- Click the 'Troubleshoot' link.
- [ ] Confirm that https://support.microbit.org/support/solutions/articles/19000105428-webusb-troubleshooting is opened in a new tab.
- Close the troubleshooting tab.
- Click the 'Close' link.
- [ ] Confirm the modal closes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
